## Japan vs Hungarz
Unlike Yusuke, who remains at home with his parents in Yokohama, I reside in a dormitory on campus so that I will not have to make long trips. While he prefers to forego breakfast, I prefer to eat breakfast or during breaks in my dorm. Yusuke prefers to bathe at night, but I prefer morning shower. He has over an hour's commute by train and bus, whereas I have just a few minutes' walk from my dorm to class. Compared to him who buys a teikiken for unlimited travel, I hardly use my Hungarian public transport ticket for shopping or running errands. Yusuke's university has over one campus, but mine is in one place, so everything is more conveinent. His grading system is semi-clear, while I can easily see how each assignment contributes to my overall mark. He only teaches a few classes daily and has a lot of free time, but I have shorter lesson breaks—sometimes 30 minutes, sometimes 2 hours if I do not have the block lesson from 12 pm until 2 pm. Unlike Yusuke, who practicies karate and even offers an online course for training, I usually spend most of my free time activity-free, studying, or just hanging out with friends. He drinks at home with buddies and plays rhythm-type drinking games, but I don't frequently join drinking activities. Yusuke eats low-cost food at campus cafeterias, while I eat in the dorm. He goes shopping for grocery communal hotpot parties, whereas I take public transport seldom in order to go grocery shopping. Yusuke walks in indoor shoes at some facilities, whereas I usually wear the same pair of shoes across campus. His course load in the last year is light as he has secured a job already, whereas I keep taking a full course load. Lastly, although Yusuke joins numerous social activities held by circles, I join just a few events or club meetings.